well it is the end of gauntlet and I'm
here to talk to somebody who wasn't
competing at all and has no relevance to
what's happening in the gauntlet except
for one little thing
of course this coverage brought to you
by Omni slash so Sherman how's it going
Sherman people have met you before right
yeah I think so
good well if you haven't he's been on
the hotline linking all that Sherman
what do you do at riot
I mostly head up our College eSports
program but then this weekend I've been
working on some of the co streaming
stuff that's been going on in the
gauntlet and so that's what I want to
talk to you about specifically the co
streaming thing so first off not
everyone knows about this I was tweeting
out some links to people that were Co
streaming and people were saying like oh
this is like a DMCA or a fair use
violation do you want to explain what Co
streaming is sure coach streaming in
this case would be like letting other
play streamers kind of take your content
and host it on their channel it's kind
of similar to hosting but in this case
the the streamer can actually edit the
content and kind of make it their own so
it gives them an opportunity to still
monetize do the twitch prime plugs but
also add a layer on top of the normal
kind of the game so like I was watching
froggen earlier today and I could like
listen to what froggen had to say what
was a viewership like for all that uh so
when I left to come to the studio we saw
around 40,000 CCU concurrent viewers
across all the different Coast streamers
we're still there's still some that we
couldn't if they didn't have hash
tagging ALCS and their stream title it
was difficult for us to track but we're
gonna be going back in retro actively
and finding that out are they supposed
to do that that was part of the
instructions not everyone falls the
instructions I don't know if I died what
can you do yeah okay so but to be clear
like it's not just sounds just like an
edit thing like that people are
literally like casting over the top of
it like what frog it's like Tyler won
presumably could cast over the top of
this or or any of the pro players that
aren't competing or anything exactly and
I think it's it's an opportunity for us
to help create content that's
more tailored to what players wanted
different players want to hear like we
do an amazing show here and every now
and then like players would be open to
hearing it differently and seeing it
differently so this is a good
opportunity to a test what the and see
what kind of content would come out of
it and see how streamers would use it as
well as it gave players not pertaining
to just experience what I've always
thought of is like one of the coolest
parts of our season in a totally
different way
gauntlet you're referring okay so is
this a gauntlet only thing right now
this is just a pilot we want to come
back and understand how this impacted
the way that people watch content like
obviously you don't want to do anything
that's a detriment to your content and
that's not to say that like the main
channel can't go down in terms of
viewership but it is like we want to
understand what kind of net gain this
was or what kind of change in
interaction it was maybe chat was just
more active or personable so we're gonna
go back and look at this over a variety
of metrics and then I wouldn't expect
that we necessarily open this up all the
time but we find key moments or cool
moments throughout the year where this
is a good fit one thing I was thinking
about I will be in Korea for world so I
could cast live from Korea that's a
unique experience from what we're seeing
at Worlds I would be kind of cool
setting that aside is there an idea on
when we could see this is there a chance
we could see it at Worlds uh I really
don't know yet I think we still have a
lot of due diligence to do around that
worlds obviously that gets more complex
because we would want to do something
like that globally but with programs
like the league partner program that
just launched as well as this pilot if
we wanted to go down that route we'd be
more set up to do it definitely but it's
something that will we're not ready to
say yes or no to we're good and as we
pause momentarily in this interview I'm
supposed to interview sneaky and or
Azazel and they're going they're just
getting in cars and driving away so what
we're gonna keep going longer in this
interview I need to fill some more time
no I don't oh well I've done that before
by Oh for us to that for me one time um
no but let's continue so next question
would just be are there any concerns
around the brand stuff in there right
because like you can't you can't sell
impressions if you know like they're
doing something else on stream or like
the the segment that State Farm does
like it gets covered up no definitely I
think the brand stuff is always a big
concern and I think that's why we looked
at this weekend is a big opportunity to
test it out it's really hard to know
what it was gonna look like and how it
was gonna perform and what was gonna
happen and we didn't want to do it in
jest like here's week six of the NA LCS
we're like viewership might it's not
like an exciting thing this weekend was
one where like there were stakes on the
line for teams and so there was a lot of
there's a lot of drama that carried
along with the games made them exciting
but also in internally it was also a low
risk it was like the gauntlet is here at
the studio so it's easier for us to it's
not like oh if this went horribly wrong
and we did it last weekend and Oakland
like oh that's that's not gonna look
great
so we're hoping to kind of come back and
understand like you know there wasn't
there hasn't been a big meltdown there
hasn't been anything that would tell me
that this is not the greatest from the
brand perspective and we also reached
out to all of the sponsors ahead of time
to give them a heads up that we were
doing this so we'll we'll just keep
looking into it it's nice that they were
seemingly comfortable with it given that
you guys are able to move forward
all right sitting aside moving away from
the coast stream collegiate stuff just
give me a quick update cuz I know things
are a little quieter right now yeah
coach it's really exciting
just a couple just about a month and a
half ago we announced that we partnered
with the East Coast Conference who's
gonna be our third partner conference
going into this season we've also gone
ahead and announced all of our season in
our dates which so registration for the
college season will open November 1 and
the season will start January 14th I
think I've top my head we're not making
any major changes this year but I think
that there's been a lot of our focus
has really been in the last couple of
months on some larger infrastructure
stuff so really kind of we want schools
to understand that riot plans on being
here for 10 20 30 years doing League of
Legends and ecology sports so right now
we recognize it as a gap between we run
a season and we're a video game company
and trying to solve some of that like
when the seasons not going on who are we
to a school so we've been working really
hard to solve a lot of that and no so
November 1st is the registration yep
okay so if people are watching this they
can literally put it on their calendar
November 1st yeah exactly and clubs
we've already started sending out
back-to-school kits to club so if you've
been to your college campus your
orientation you might see like a league
of Legends tablecloth and we actually
sent like these cool Orrin banners this
year and a bunch of starter packs too so
if you have any friends that you want to
like get into the game it'll give them
like the all the starter pack stuff
that's really cool is there anything
that you would say to any of the fans at
the end of this I know I think I really
appreciate anybody that watched watching
you the co streams this weekend and then
we're really looking forward to the
college season as it starts to pick up
and what should I can I I need a
headline title for you or you like Co
Stream project manager like what how can
I contextualize your role in this you
can just remove the comma College so
it's like a sports manager okay that's
good I'll do that thank you so much now
we know what's gonna be in the headline
of this thank you so much Sherman for
the interview for everyone so you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel
hi everyone thanks so much for watching
my video this has been sponsored by only
flash pier charges to be $40,000 per
interview to do this so if you want to
I'll please help my patreon and donate
or subscribe or whatever and anything
helps I feel like my head feels really
big